---
layout: post
title: OWASP top 10
---

Task 1 - Introduction - reading

Task 2 - Accessing machines - getting the VM ready

Task 3 - [Severity 1] Injection - Read about injection attacks

Task 4 - [Severity 1] OS Command Injection - More background information

Task 5 - [Severity 1] COmmand Injection Practical - Had to use a walkthrough to get some additional commands to try, but got through the section otherwise pretty ok

Task 6 - [Severity 2] Broken Authentication - read material

Task 7 - [Severity 2] Broken Authentication Practical - Added fake accounts that allowed access to the reall account data

Task 8 - [Severity 3] Sensitive Data Exposure (Introduction) - read

Task 9 - [Severity 3] Sensitive Data Exposure (Supporting Material 1) - read

Task 10 - [Severity 3] Sensitive Data Exposure (Supporting Material 2) - read

Task 11 - [Severity 3] Sensitive Data Exposure (Challenge) - Used the supporting material to poke around the webapp. Once I found the note, searching through wasn't too difficult.

Task 12 - [Severity 4] XML External Entity - read, launch VM

Task 13 - [Severity 4 XML External Entity - eXtensible Markup Language - Prove that I read the material with some basic questions.

Task 14 - [Severity 4] XML External Entity - DTD - read about DTD

Task 15  [Severity 4] XML External Entity - XXE Payload - read

Task 16  [Severity 4] XML External Entity - Exploiting - Playing with XXE payloads

Task 17  [Severity 5] Broken Access Control - read

Task 18  [Severity 5] Broken Access Control (IDOR Challenge) - Playing with changing the URL you get once logged in to access things you shouldn't be able to

Task 19  [Severity 6] Security Misconfiguration - admin/admin

Task 20  [Severity 7] Cross-site Scripting - XSS, had to lookup a walkthrough, as there wasn't a "Reflected XSS" tab. Once I got started, went fairly smoothly.

Task 21  [Severity 8] Insecure Deserialization - read

Task 22  [Severity 8] Insecure Deserialization - Objects - read

Task 23  [Severity 8] Insecure Deserialization - Deserialization - read

Task 24  [Severity 8] Insecure Deserialization - Cookies - read

Task 25  [Severity 8] Insecure Deserialization - Cookies Practical - Inspecting cookies for the data they carry.

Task 26  [Severity 8] Insecure Deserialization - Code Execution - This one I had to follow a guide for. I wasn't familiar with some of the tools, so this took me a bit longer than I was expecting.

Task 27  [Severity 9] Components With Known Vulnerabilities - Intro - read

Task 28  [Severity 9] Components With Known Vulnerabilities - Exploit - read

Task 29  [Severity 9] Components With Known Vulnerabilities - Lab - Read up on the exploit some before trying it. Took a few attempts, but was able to figure it out eventually.

Task 30  [Severity 10] Insufficient Logging and Monitoring - Reading logs and understanding what the raw data actually means.