---
layout: post
title: https://tryhackme.com/room/webosint
---

tryhackme.com room

Task 1 - When A Website Does Not Exist - A little bit of reading and prep on digging into the nuts and bolts of websites.

Task 2 - Whois Registration - Learning to do some digging through who is lookups, and get some background information (domain registry, phone numbers, DNS, country, etc).

Task 3 - Ghosts of Websites Past - Ok, so it's been a while since I've used the wayback machine so this was fun. Pulling up archived instances of a page, and digging through. Nothing is really ever lost online.

Task 4 - Digging into DNS - Pulling up DNS history for a page. Lets us pull domain hosts, IP changes, and other fun osint data.

Task 5 - Taking Off The Training Wheels - heat.net, an abridged hsitory. This was no list of tools, and a list of boxes to fill with data. Overall, a pretty fun challenge that required all of the previous steps.

Task 6 - Taking A Peek Under The Hood Of A Website - Using view source to get some juicy details. Checking links, Google Analytics, afilliates, and other such fun. Also hunting for weird comments left behind.

Task 7 - Final Exam: Connect the Dots - There is a single external link on the newest heat.net page, and we need to see why it links to such a disparate site. It turns out that the two pages are registered to the same LLC, so it looks like one was created to drive SEO hits to the other. While shady, not illegal.

Task 8 - Debriefing - Going over the findings. It does look like the heat.net page was created to drive traffic as I thought, but it does have a lot of effort put into it for just that purpose, so it might be a legit page for a second business, and they are all linked to drive traffic.

Task 9 - Wrap-up - Other tryhackme pages/rooms to try, and some examples.